

Ad 1:
My Friends and I tried that Face-Wash that works like “injections”. (The results were INCREDIBLE...)
Ladies, I still can’t believe this is real…
But if you have Wrinkles… you HAVE to read this.
So a few weeks ago, my friend Sarah (who works at a high-end Med Spa) sent me this article…
Ranking the Top 5 Face-Washes of 2025.
I literally rolled my eyes.
A face WASH for wrinkles? Really?
But she insisted I try #1 on the list.
Apparently this cleanser has some breakthrough ingredients that dissolve what's blocking your skin from looking younger.
So I figured why not.
Sarah never steered me wrong before and her skin looks INCREDIBLE at 63.
Within 10 days…
Those stubborn lines around my eyes started fading away...
By week three, people were asking if I'd gotten “work” done...
My skin is now tighter, brighter, and smoother than it's been in YEARS.
And it feels actually HYDRATED for the first time in years.
But even though I was literally seeing these amazing changes in the mirror...
I still couldn't believe it. 
I NEEDED to know if it was just some weird coincidence.
So I bought it for 5 of my friends who were also dealing with wrinkles...
Within 2 weeks, all 5 had visibly smoother skin.
Deep wrinkles filling in. Crow's feet fading. Jawlines tightening.
...it was FREAKY.
All from washing their face twice a day with this breakthrough cleanser.
No needles. No appointments. No $500 treatments.
If I had the money, I would literally buy this for EVERY woman who needed it.
It’s THAT amazing.
Which is why I’m linking the article my friend sent me below that ranks the top 5 face-washes.
Just skip to #1 on that list. It’s literally ALL you need. ♥️

Ad 2:
My Sister got “Botox” but my Face-Wash gave me BETTER results... Should I feel Guilty?
Ladies, I'm in such an awkward situation right now...
So for the past two years, my skin has been aging like CRAZY.
Once I turned 65 it really went downhill.
Deep forehead lines that made me look constantly worried...
Crow's feet that seemed to multiply overnight...
Dull, sagging skin and jowls.
And I tried everything I could think of...
Expensive creams that promised miracles...
Those complicated 10-step routines from Korea...
Even considered “Botox” like my sister kept suggesting.
Nothing worked.
My skin just kept looking older and more tired.
Then my friend Maria (who works for a beauty magazine) sent me this article...
About a leading Dermatologist who recently ranked the Top 5 Face “Cleansers” of 2025.
I almost laughed when I read it.
A face wash for wrinkles? Come on.
But Maria insisted I look at #1 on the list.
It was this cleanser with breakthrough ingredients that dissolve what's blocking your skin from looking younger.
I was skeptical but figured it was worth trying.
Within two weeks, those deep forehead lines started softening...
By week three, my skin had this glow I hadn't seen in years…
My skin was getting tighter and smoother by the day.
People even started asking if I'd had “work” done.
Now here's where it gets awkward...
My sister Jessica just spent $800 on Botox injections last month.
And it did NOT look natural.
She’s been super self-conscious about it which I feel horrible about.
Meanwhile, my skin keeps getting compliments whenever we’re out together.
Jessica keeps asking what I'm "doing differently"...
Every time I try to mention the face wash, she literally laughs in my face.
She says if Botox didn't work, why would a face wash?
I can't help but feel guilty...
But she refuses to believe this face wash actually worked for me.
She thinks I must have gotten "better” Botox behind her back and I'm just lying about it.
What should I do? How do I convince her?
I really think if she started using this she would not need to get any more injections.
P.S. If you want to see the Top 5 list Maria shared with me, I'll link it below.
#1 is what gave me better results than my sister's $800 Botox ever did.

Ad 3:
I'm 62, Single again, and Dating someone HALF my age... this Face-Wash is my “secret”.
Ladies, I never thought I'd be writing this...
But after 28 years of marriage, my husband left me for his secretary.
Classic midlife crisis, right?
During our last fight, he made some cruel comments about how I'd "changed" over the years.
Looking back, I think he was just trying to justify his affair... but those words still cut DEEP.
I looked in the mirror and wondered if maybe he was right...
Deep wrinkles around my eyes and mouth...
Sagging skin that made me look exhausted...
Age spots that no amount of makeup could hide...
I felt invisible. Worthless. Like my best years were behind me.
For weeks, I barely left the house.
Then my friend Linda (who's 58 and looks AMAZING) sent me a text message...
With this article about a Dermatologist who ranked the Top 5 Face-Washes of 2025.
She said she knew I was struggling with confidence and thought this might help me feel ready to get back out there again.
I literally laughed through my tears.
Face wash? Really? 
That was going to fix my broken confidence?
But she insisted I look at #1 on the list.
It was this cleanser with breakthrough ingredients that dissolves what's blocking your skin from looking younger.
I figured I had nothing left to lose.
Within 10 days, those deep lines started fading...
By week three, my skin had this glow I hadn't seen in DECADES...
People at the grocery store started doing double-takes.
My neighbor asked if I'd gotten "work" done.
Then something CRAZY happened...
I was at Starbucks when this incredibly handsome guy started chatting with me.
I thought he was just being polite.
Turns out he was FLIRTING.
This gorgeous 37-year-old entrepreneur asked for my number.
Ladies, I'm not kidding... this man looks like he stepped out of a magazine.
We've been dating for two months now.
I know it's just for fun, but he makes me feel like the most beautiful woman in the world.
Last week, we ran into my ex-husband at a restaurant.
The look on his face was PRICELESS.
He couldn't believe how amazing I looked.
The confidence this has given me is LIFE-CHANGING.
Six months ago, I thought my dating life was over forever.
Now I feel sexier and more confident than I did in my 40s.
And the best part? All I do is wash my face twice a day.
No injections. No expensive treatments. No surgery.
If you're dealing with aging skin that's making you feel invisible...
Please read the article Linda shared with me. I linked it below.
Just skip straight to #1 on the list. It literally gave me my life back. ♥️

Ad 4:
When Women Fought over a Face-Wash at Costco, I rolled my eyes... until I tried it on my "Wrinkles"…
Ladies, I couldn’t believe it when I saw that viral video.
Two women at Costco literally fighting over the last bottle of an anti-wrinkle Face-Wash.
I thought it had to be fake.
Because honestly… who fights over something so stupid?
But then my friend Carla (she’s a dermatologist’s assistant) told me the whole story.
Apparently, the fight started because this new cleanser was ranked #1 on a doctor’s list of the Top 5 Face-Washes of 2025…
And when Costco quietly stocked it, women started grabbing them by the handful.
It got so crazy that people recoreded the fight… and that’s how it went viral.
At first, I laughed.
A face-wash for wrinkles? Yeah, right.
But here’s the truth…
I’ve been battling stubborn crow’s feet and mouth wrinkles for years.
No matter how much I spent on creams…
No matter how many steps I added to my routine…
Nothing made a difference.
I looked SO old.
I even thought about “Botox” once or twice...
But the idea of needles (and the price tag) kept me away.
So when I heard about this fight and the fact that it keeps selling-out, I was skeptical… but also curious.
Carla swore by it.
She said the dermatologist’s list wasn’t just hype…
That the #1 face-wash used breakthrough ingredients to dissolve what’s blocking your skin from looking younger.
So I figured, what did I have to lose?
And within 2 weeks… I noticed my eyes looking smoother.
By week 3, people were asking if I’d had “work” done.
The lines that aged me the most started fading.
My skin felt tighter, brighter, and even hydrated again for the first time in years.
It honestly shocked me.
Because all I was doing was washing my face.
After that viral video, they decided to make the face-wash available online to avoid more drama.
P.S. I’ll link the dermatologist’s Top 5 list below.
Just skip to #1 on the list… after you try it, you’ll understand why women went crazy for it.


Ad 5:
My husband and I discovered why seniors are being forced into nursing homes 20 years too early... (What we found was TERRIFYING)

If you're over 60 and terrified of losing your independence... you HAVE to read this.

So a few weeks ago, my neighbor Helen (who's a retired nurse) sent me this article about hidden toxins that are destroying seniors' bodies from the inside.

I literally rolled my eyes.

Toxins causing nursing home placements? Really?

But she insisted I read about the #1 toxin on the list.

Apparently this poison is in 99% of homes and is literally stealing people's strength, balance, and independence.

So I figured why not.

Helen never steered me wrong before, and at 72, she's still climbing ladders to clean her gutters.

Within days of reading this research...

I started recognizing the signs in our 68-year-old neighbor Bob.

The shaky hands when he carried groceries...

How he stopped mowing his own lawn...

The way his daughter started "dropping by" more often to "check on things."

By week three, I realized Bob was showing every symptom of toxic overload...

His body was breaking down not from age, but from poisoning.

I felt sick to my stomach.

But even though this research made perfect sense...

I still couldn't believe toxins were the real culprit behind senior decline.

I NEEDED to know if this was actually happening to people I knew.

So I started paying attention to 4 other neighbors who'd been struggling with independence...

Within a month, I could identify the toxic symptoms in all of them.

Memory issues. Joint pain. Constant fatigue. Loss of strength.

It was FREAKY how clearly I could see the pattern once I knew what to look for.

All of them declining from the same hidden poisoning.

No wonder families panic and start looking at "facilities."

Their loved ones aren't just aging - they're being slowly destroyed by toxins they don't even know exist.

If I could warn every family about these poisons, I would.

It's THAT important.

Which is why I'm sharing the article Helen sent me below about the 5 toxins that are stealing seniors' independence.

Just focus on #1 on that list. It's the most dangerous and it's probably in your home right now.

Ad 6:
Most of my Patients "Fire" their Dermatologist after just 10 minutes in my office.
Because instead of telling them they need to spend hundreds on Wrinkle creams that barely work... 
Or worse, get procedures...
I give them the best advice you'll ever hear from a skin expert...
And it works every single time.
In fact, it's the reason I have a 1 year wait-list at my clinic...
And why the women who see me routinely have wrinkle-free skin well into their 60s.
The answer?
It all has to do with your Face-Wash.
98% of women get this wrong. But the ones who get it right?
Their deep wrinkles fill in... their skin glows... and they stop wasting money on useless treatments.
If you don’t know where to start…
I just put together my list of the top 5 Face-Washes of 2025 for aging skin (in the link below).
All of them are great… 
But #1 on that list is what’s helping hundreds of my clients look YEARS younger (in just weeks).

Ad 7:
I can tell if a Woman has “Wrinkles” just by looking at which Face-Wash she uses.
In fact, the reason why so many women in my clinic are wrinkle-free well into their 60s is because… 
I go AGAINST the traditional advice of Dermatologists. 
Any expert who says you need to spend hundreds on “Miracle” creams and serums…
Or worse, get injections…
Is flat-out lying to you.
If you don’t know where to start…
I just put together my list of the top 5 Face-Washes of 2025 for aging skin (in the link below).
All of them are great… 
But #1 on that list is what’s helping hundreds of my clients look YEARS younger (in just weeks).

Ad 8:
One of these Women is 58 years old. And no... she NEVER had "Botox".
She came to me 3 months ago looking every bit of 58... wrinkled, aged, defeated.
Now she looks like something out of a Magazine.
In fact, the reason why so many women in my practice look decades younger than their age is because...
I go AGAINST the traditional advice of other Dermatologists.
Any expert who says you need to spend hundreds on "Miracle" creams and serums...
Or worse, get injections...
Is flat-out lying to you.
All you need... is the right Face-Wash.
If you don't know where to start...
I just put together my list of the top 5 Face-Washes of 2025 for aging skin (in the link below).
All of them are great...
But #1 on that list is what's helping hundreds of my patients look YEARS younger (in just weeks).

Ad 9:
That 67 year-old Woman who went "Viral" after a new Face-Wash erased her Wrinkles (in just weeks)?
She's a patient of mine.
In fact, the reason my clinic has some of the youngest looking seniors in the country…
Is because I do NOT recommend expensive Wrinkle creams or procedures.
Instead, I give them the cheapest advice you'll ever hear from a skin expert...
And it works every single time.
It's the reason I have a 1 year wait-list at my clinic...
And why the women who see me leave with better skin than they've had in 15 years.
The answer?
It all has to do with how you wash your face.
98% of women get this wrong.
But the ones who get it right?
Their deep wrinkles fill in... their skin glows... and they stop wasting money on useless treatments.
Click below to discover the SINGLE most important factor for wrinkle-free skin that most women miss completely.

Ad 10:
If your Hair is “Thinning” & Falling-out… do NOT go to a Dermatologist.

Why?

Because most Dermatologists know nothing about Female Hair-Loss.

They'll blame your Age, Hormones, or Genetics and send you home with Expensive "Treatments" that don't work.

(Maybe they already have.)

But as a Anti-Aging Expert who's spent 40 years studying this, I discovered what my colleagues are missing.

As it turns out, women do not have only one cause of hair loss...

…they have THREE.

And they’re all happening INSIDE your scalp.

Which is why putting stuff in your hair doesn't work.

You need to fix all three problems… from the inside.

The good news?

I discovered a simple 30-Second "Routine" that targets these three problems from the inside-out.

It's helping Thousands of Women Re-Grow Visibly Thicker, Healthier Hair... 

WITHOUT drugs, procedures, or side effects.

Click below and discover the 30-Sec "Routine" that makes your hair look “stunning” again… at any age.


Ad 11:
I want to Apologize on behalf of all Doctors… to every Woman struggling with Thinning-Hair.

Those Expensive Shampoos… Serums… and Prescription Treatments you've tried? 

We're never going to work.

Because after 40 years studying women's hair-loss, what I found shocked me…

There are actually THREE "hidden" culprits attacking your follicles at the root.

And these traditional “solutions” only target ONE problem… while ignoring the other TWO.

And until you address all three simultaneously…

Your hair will continue thinning… no matter what products you try.

But there’s hope.

A 30-Second “Routine” that targets all three culprits at once.

And women using this routine are seeing inches of new growth… dramatically reduced shedding… 

AND the kind of thick, full hair they haven't had since their 20s.

Want to know what’s really behind your Thinning-Hair?

Discover the Truth about Women’s Hair-Loss and the 30-Second “Fix” that’s actually working (in 2025).


Ad 12:
The Beauty Industry has made Billions convincing Women that Thinning-Hair can be “Fixed” with Shampoo.

Or Lasers.

Or Serums.

Or “Volumizing” Sprays.

None of it works long-term, because none of it fixes what’s happening inside your scalp.

And they know it.

But as one of the country's leading Anti-Aging Doctors, I’ve spent decades treating what they ignore.

New research shows Hair-Loss in Women Over 45 comes from 3 “Hidden” Internal Breakdowns…

Unless you fix all three, the shedding won’t stop.

And you’ll continue watching as more strands of hair circle the drain each morning…

You'll keep avoiding mirrors...

Trying to style your hair in ways that hide the thinning...

And feeling that pit in your stomach every time someone tags you in photos.

But there’s hope.

A 30-Second Morning “Routine” that finally targets the real causes…

…from the inside.

Some women even started seeing baby-hairs within the first 30 days.

Want to know what’s really behind your Thinning-Hair?

Discover the Truth about Women’s Hair-Loss and the 30-Second “Fix” that’s actually working (in 2025).


Ad 13:

☺️ Stop Getting Facials Immediately ☺️
Dermatologists have found that adding this one simple step to the morning routine creates beautiful, radiant skin...
With millions of dangerous, harmful chemical-infused products being sold each and every day...
It is hard to believe that a "Natural" Skin-Care product exists, AND...
...actually works! 
❤️ See why this "Brand New" method has quickly created one of the fastest-growing skincare brands in America.

Ad 14:

“What’s the difference between these two products?”
Patients at my clinic asked me to compare the two Wrinkle-Cream brands.
So… I put them to the test and the results were shocking.
The “Winner” actually reduced Wrinkles the fastest WITHOUT any redness or itching.

Ad 15:

As an anti-aging expert, I’m getting tired of seeing women make the same mistake of using low-quality brands…
Expecting Hollywood-level results.
Now, I’m not saying to pay Hollywood prices, but…
Don’t just go grab the cheapest brand at Target,
Hoping it would “erase” your Wrinkles & Fine-Lines.
If you don’t know where to start,
Tap below to take a short quiz to get a personal skin-care recommendation that’s right for you.

Ad 16:

The woman who “Ruined” my marriage stopped me at Target. She Begged to know who does my “Botox”... 
And I couldn't help but smile…
Especially when instead of giving her a doctor's name…
I showed her what was in my purse.
Ladies, you should have seen the look on her face.
Catching my husband with his 33-year-old secretary wasn't just heartbreaking…
It was humiliating.
Every morning I'd look in the mirror and see new stress lines getting deeper…
The ones around my mouth.
The ones on my forehead.
That sagging jawline.
And those dark circles under my eyes?
They screamed "Broken Hag" to everyone who saw me.
Just months earlier, Jon was "working late" again. 
Something that had become way too common.
When I saw his phone light up on his desk, I wasn't even suspicious.
Until I saw the message from "Rachel - Accounting":
"I already miss you!"
Then another:
"Next Tuesday seems like an eternity away..."
My heart stopped.
28 years of marriage.
Two beautiful children.
Everything we'd built together…
Gone in an instant.
When I confronted him, his response was even WORSE than the betrayal:
"You look old, Jennifer."
Those words cut deeper than any knife could.
"We both knew from the start you were... older. I figured you'd take care of yourself. But you've let yourself go."
I stood there, stunned.
Here I was, discovering my husband's affair…
And somehow HE was making it MY fault?
It STILL got worse.
They started taking over all our old spots.
That Italian place where we celebrated our anniversaries?
The Sunday brunch spot I introduced HIM to?
Even my favorite salon.
It's like I was being “Replaced” everywhere…
I couldn't take it anymore.
Started looking at houses in other towns... 
planning my “escape”.
I was desperate.
And I tried everything ladies...
All those fancy serums promising to erase 20 years overnight. 
Those 12-step Korean beauty routines that took FOREVER.
Nothing worked.
I even called plastic surgeons…
(But the thought of going under the knife made me sick.)
That's when my friend Claire (who works at a dermatology office) sent me this article…
About a leading Dermatologist who ranked the Top 5 Brands that actually work.
I couldn't believe what was ranked #1.
It was this unique formula with Asian and French compounds chemically identical to Botox…
Yeah, right... not falling for THIS again. 🙄
But Claire was always the smartest woman I knew (and drop-dead gorgeous)...
So I decided to try it anyway.
The first few days? Nothing dramatic.
But it felt... different.
Not that tight, burning sensation I got from other creams.
Then one morning in the mirror…
Those deep stress lines from the heartbreak?
They were actually starting to Fade!
Within weeks, my whole face (and neck) changed…
They looked tighter, smoother. To be honest, I felt SEXY.
Last week I ran into them at Target.
You should have seen their faces.
She couldn't stop staring.
Even came up to ask who my "surgeon" was. (That was hilarious.)
Then my ex had the nerve to text me later saying how "amazing" I looked and asking if I wanted to grab dinner sometime.
After everything he put me through? Not in a million years.
The best part isn't even how good I look now…
It's how good I FEEL. Sexy. Confident. FREE!
My friends keep asking what changed…
So I'm sharing the article Claire sent me below.
It shows all 5 brands, but #1 literally changed my life.

Ad 16:

She Slept with my Husband of 32-years. But the day she Begged for my “Face-Lift” Surgeon... I burst out laughing…
Because after everything she'd taken from me…
Telling her I never had surgery felt so damn good.
Ladies, you should have seen the look on her face.
See, facing divorce at 58 wasn't just heartbreaking…
It was humiliating.
Every morning I'd look in the mirror and see new stress lines getting deeper...
The ones around my mouth. 
The ones on my forehead. 
That sagging jawline.
And those dark circles under my eyes? 
They screamed "broken woman" to everyone who saw me.
My face was telling the whole humiliating story.
What killed me most?
Having to see my ex-husband and his new girlfriend EVERYWHERE in our small town...
At church.
The grocery store.
My favorite restaurants.
She'd strut around on his arm like she'd won some kind of prize.
She was everything I wasn't...
Young. Beautiful. Confident.
Like an upgraded version of the woman I used to be.
I couldn't take it anymore.
Started looking at houses in other towns... planning my “escape”.
I was desperate.
And I tried everything ladies...
Those tiny jars of "miracle" cream that cost more than my car payment? Please. 🙄
All those fancy serums promising to erase 20 years overnight.
And don't even get me started on those 12-step Korean beauty routines that took FOREVER...
Nothing worked.
I even started researching plastic surgeons...
(But I couldn't stomach the idea of going under the knife.)
That's when my friend Jessica (who works at a dermatology office) sent me this article...
About a leading Dermatologist who ranked the Top 5 Brands that actually work.
I couldn't believe what was ranked #1.
It was this unique formula from 3 different continents that has compounds chemically identical to Botox...
Yeah, right... not falling for THIS again. 🙄
I was SO done with false promises.
But Jessica was always one of the smartest women I knew (and drop-dead gorgeous)...
So I decided to try it anyway.
And the first few days? Nothing dramatic.
But it felt... different. 
Not that tight, burning sensation I got from other creams.
Then one morning in the mirror...
Those deep stress lines from all the heartbreak? 
They were actually starting to fade!
Within weeks, my whole face (and neck) changed…
It looked tighter, smoother. To be honest I felt SEXY.
Last month I ran into my ex and his girlfriend at Starbucks.
You should have seen their faces.
She couldn't stop staring. 
Even came up to ask who my "surgeon" was. (That was hilarious.)
Then my ex had the nerve to text me later saying how "amazing" I looked and asking if I wanted to grab dinner sometime.
After everything he put me through? No thank you.
The best part isn't even how good I look now...
It's how good I FEEL. Strong. Confident. FREE!
I might even start dating again soon. I’ve been getting WAY more looks from men.
My friends keep asking what changed...
So I'm sharing the article Jessica sent me below. 
It shows all 5 brands, but #1 literally changed my life.

Ad 17:

“Honey, what happened to NOT getting Botox?” 
…My husband asked, staring at me in disbelief after a 10-day business trip.
I burst out laughing.
“Nope, not even close,” I said. 
But I couldn’t blame him for thinking that.
Just a few weeks earlier, I’d panicked after seeing a photo I was tagged in on FB. 
The lines on my forehead had turned into creases, my jawline was non-existent, and my skin looked as dull as chalk. 
I tried to ignore it at first, blaming it on the stress of planning our daughter’s wedding, but the truth was…
I didn’t know what to do. 
I’d spent thousands on creams, serums, and facials that burnt my skin and left it itchy and red for days.
Nothing worked for my sensitive skin. 
I couldn’t shake the fear that I was becoming invisible — to Mark, to my friends, and even to myself.
Then, one late night, while mindlessly scrolling the web, something caught my eye…
About one of the top Dermatologists in the country, who tested 160+ wrinkle-creams…
Then published a list of the Top 5 Brands that “actually” work. 
Of course, I skipped straight to the #1 choice.  
I was desperate for results. Real results.
It was some new “formula” with proprietary skincare ingredients from France, Japan and Korea. 
And claimed to target everything I was struggling with: 
Wrinkles, sagging skin, dullness and even age spots. 
I’ll admit, I was skeptical. After all, I’d heard it all before.
But the science behind this formula intrigued me…
…especially the idea of a “Botox-like” ingredient that could relax wrinkles naturally.
No chemicals. No needles required. 
So, I decided to give it a try. I mean, what did I have to lose?
And within days, I started noticing the changes, but honestly… I thought maybe I was imagining it. 
By the time Mark returned from his trip though, the results were undeniable. 
I kept catching him staring at me. 
He started planning extravagant date nights, bringing me flowers… even suggesting we watch romantic comedies (which he hates).  
It didn’t just give me back my confidence… 
It brought back attention from my husband I hadn’t had in YEARS. 
Most importantly, I feel like “me” again.  
And let me just say this—it’s not just about looking younger. 
It’s about stepping out of the shadows and feeling confident in yourself again.
Now, when I look in the mirror, I see a woman who’s proud of her reflection. 
A woman who’s glowing, vibrant, and full of confidence.
And if it worked for me, I truly believe it can work for you too.
Here’s the link to the blog with all the details. Take a look, you won’t regret it. 💖

Ad 18:

My neighbor Linda just spent $800 on Botox to “look” like me... Should I tell her what I actually use?
I could REALLY use some advice here ladies.
Here’s what happened:
Last weekend at the neighborhood BBQ…
Linda's jaw literally DROPPED when she saw me.
And honestly? I don't blame her.
Just a few weeks ago, my skin was a MESS.
"Deep" Forehead Lines that made me look angry all the time…
A Sagging-Jawline (when did THAT happen?)...
And Dark-Spots EVERYWHERE.
I literally untagged myself from every photo at my daughter's graduation.
And I tried EVERYTHING…
Those fancy department store creams in the tiny jars…
Endless 12-step “beauty” routines…
Even those weird LED masks that made me look like a robot.
Nothing worked. 
My skin just kept getting worse.
Then my friend Sarah (she's a beauty editor in NYC) sent me this article...
About one of the country's Top Dermatologists who tested over 160+ skincare products...
And published their official list of the Top 5 Brands that "actually" work.
Of course, I skipped straight to #1...
It was this unique-formula from France, Japan and Korea… 
That apparently works like Botox... but naturally.
I almost rolled my eyes at first.
Like, if it were this simple we’d ALL look gorgeous by now.
But Sarah NEVER steered me wrong before.
So I decided to try it.
The first week, I noticed my skin wasn't irritated like with other products...
By week two, those "Deep" Forehead Lines started softening...
Then one morning, I literally gasped at my reflection...
My skin looked ALIVE again. Glowing. Firm.
Those Dark-Spots had faded to almost nothing.
And my jawline? 
Let's just say my husband couldn't stop staring.
For the first time in years, I felt CONFIDENT going makeup-free.
But that's when the drama started...
Linda got obsessed with finding out my "secret".
Every time I tried telling her about what actually worked for me...
She'd get defensive and say she'd been "burned too many times" by skincare promises.
So yesterday, she told me she'd gotten Botox to finally “get skin like mine".
Now I feel terrible. 
She spent all that money when I KNOW what actually works...
But she refuses to even consider trying it 😕
What would you do? Should I keep trying to share it with her?
Or just let her continue with the Botox?
P.S. If you're curious about what worked for me, I'll drop the link to the Top 5 article my friend Sarah sent me below. (just skip to #1.)
It literally changed my life when nothing else worked.

Ad 19:

My sister and I made a deal:
If THIS doesn’t work, we’re getting Botox. 
3 weeks later, we cancelled our appointments.
I still remember that wedding photo that did it.
There I was, standing next to my daughter...
But I barely recognized myself.
Every line.
Every wrinkle.
Every dark spot.
Just... screaming at me from that photo.
My skin looked so tired and dull.
I looked... old. Worn out.
Like time was winning.
And with my 60th birthday approaching…
My sister and I looked at that photo together...
Both knowing Botox was probably next.
I'd already tried everything at Sephora.
Nothing worked. Not even close.
Then my sister called with news that changed everything.
"You have to see this new article I just found…”
I felt my eyes rolling.
She went on about how this famous Dermatologist ranked the top 5 skincare brands that actually work... 
And the #1 choice supposedly worked just like “Botox”... but without the needles.
Of course I didn't believe her.
I'd wasted enough money on false promises.
But she wouldn't let it go.
So I made her a deal that I'd try it… 
But only if we booked our Botox appointments in advance.
Because when it failed like everything else, I was DONE waiting.
She agreed immediately.
The first few days of using it, nothing happened.
JUST like I expected.
But then…
One morning, getting ready for work, I caught my reflection and…
Something was different.
Those deep worry lines that made me look so tired were softer. Smoother.
I touched my face in disbelief.
Within weeks, the changes were undeniable.
My daughter noticed first. "Mom, you look... amazing."
Then my husband started giving me those looks again... like when we first met.
When I saw my sister next, I couldn't believe my eyes.
She was GLOWING.
Like years had just... melted away.
But you know what meant the most?
It wasn't just about looking younger.
It was about feeling like ME again.
The woman I remembered.
The woman I missed seeing in the mirror.
Those Botox appointments we scheduled?
Cancelled them all.
Now when our friends can't stop asking about our secret…
We just smile and send them this link below. 
Because honestly? 
You need to see these top 5 brands for yourself.
But pay special attention to #1... 
I truly believe it can change everything for you – just like it did for us.

Ad 20:

I have to admit, I thought turning 50 would be depressing. But it ended up being one of the best days I’d had in years…
It was a simple evening.
Filled with family and friends I hadn’t seen in what felt like forever. 
I didn’t expect the night would bring more than laughter and shared stories…
As I made my greetings, an old friend approached…
…her expression was one of confusion and disbelief.
"Lisa, I almost didn’t recognize you!" she exclaimed as she scanned my face…
She leaned in slightly, studying me.
"Seriously, what’s your secret? You look amazing—your skin is glowing!"
It was true. 
Over the last few weeks my skin had become noticeably smoother…
With softer lines and a radiance I hadn’t seen in years.
I laughed lightly and shook my head.
"No magic or secrets" I told her. "Just a serum I got from Target."
She raised an eyebrow. 
"Target? Tell me more."
It was actually in an article I’d read, of the top 5 most effective Anti-Aging brands. 
I’d simply ordered the top ranked brand. 
"Well, it looks like you’re aging backwards,” she admitted.
“Seriously, it’s amazing how young and vibrant you look". 
I tried not to blush, feeling a sense of confidence and joy I hadn’t felt in years. 
I’ll share the link below for anyone interested.
Because every woman deserves to feel confident and radiant. 
You can click below to see the “Top 5” list. The one I’ve been using is ranked at #1.

Ad 21:

“I HAVE to know who did your Botox... it looks so natural!”
I nearly spit out my wine when my Ex-Husband's New Girlfriend said this to me at my daughter’s wedding. 
Because I've never had Botox in my life.
In fact, just months earlier…
I was HORRIFIED after seeing myself in my daughter's engagement photos...
The harsh lighting showed EVERY Line, Wrinkle, and Dark-Spot. 
My skin looked so tired and dull, with these deep-frown lines that made me look angry all the time. 
I looked exhausted. Defeated.
And with the wedding coming up (where I'd have to face my ex and his young girlfriend)...
I was desperate.
I'd already tried all those "fancy" department store-creams. 
You know the ones – in those tiny jars that promise miracles?
Not to mention the endless 12-step routines that took FOREVER and did absolutely nothing...
And Botox wasn't an option for me (needles near my face? Ummm no thank you!)
Then my friend Sarah (a beauty editor in NYC) sent me this article...
About one of the Top Dermatologists in the country who created a list of the Top 5 Brands that actually work.
Of course, I skipped straight to the #1 choice.
It was this unique-formula from France, Japan and Korea that apparently works like Botox... but naturally.
Not gonna lie… I rolled my eyes at first. 
Like, how many more "miracle" creams did I need to try? 🤦‍♀️
But my friend Sarah has NEVER steered me wrong before...
And with my daughter's wedding getting closer...
I figured I had nothing to lose.
The first few days, it just felt... different. 
Not like those other creams that burned or made my skin all red and itchy.
Then one morning… 
I noticed something in the mirror that made me do a double-take...
Those deep frown lines that aged me so much? They were starting to fade.
And within weeks, the changes became impossible to ignore.
The biggest surprise?
It wasn't just about looking younger.
It was about feeling like MYSELF again.
When I showed up at my daughter's wedding...
I didn't just look amazing in the photos...
I FELT Amazing. Confident. Sexy.
Like the woman I used to be.
My friends have been begging me to share this with them (especially after seeing the wedding-photos!)
So I'm linking the article my friend Sarah sent me below. 
It shows all 5 Top Brands, but pay special-attention to #1... it's literally changed everything for me.

Ad21
My daughter said "Mom, are you SURE?" when I showed her my funeral plan.
If you've ever been pissed off about how much dying costs these days... 
Let me tell you what went down...
Two weeks ago, I had my yearly checkup.
Nothing major. Just the usual blood work and vitals.
But when my doctor walked back in, her face told me everything.
"Your A1C is climbing. Blood pressure's not where I want it. We need to monitor this closely."
I nodded. Smiled. Told her I'd watch my diet.
But driving home?
All I could think about was my kids.
Not my health.
My KIDS.
Because if something happened to me tomorrow... they'd be stuck with a bill I KNOW they can't afford.
I've seen it happen.
Families drowning in funeral debt.
Putting caskets on credit cards.
Taking out loans just to bury someone they love.
And for WHAT?
A box that costs more than a used car?
A service that lasts two hours?
It's highway robbery.
But nobody says that out loud.
Because apparently, you're just supposed to suck it up and pay whatever they charge.
Well, not me.
A couple days after that appointment, I'm folding laundry in the living room.
My daughter walks in and sits down.
She looks... nervous.
"Mom, can I ask you something?"
I said, "Of course, honey. What's up?"
She hesitated.
Then she said, "What do you want us to do when... you know... when you're not here anymore?"
I could see the weight on her shoulders.
So I didn't sugarcoat it.
"Sweetheart, I don't want you spending a fortune on my funeral. Just cremate me. 
Heck, stick me in a Folgers can if you want. I don't care."
She laughed at first.
Then her eyes got watery.
"Mom, are you serious? You don't want a big service?"
I said, "Absolutely not. 
I want you to take whatever money you'd spend on that and do something that actually MATTERS.
Don't go into debt over me."
And that's when she broke.
She wasn't upset.
She was RELIEVED.
"Oh my God, Mom. I've been losing sleep over this. I had no idea how we'd afford it."
That crushed me.
Because my kid, my beautiful, hardworking daughter, has been stressing about paying for my FUNERAL.
While I'm sitting here. Alive. Healthy enough.
Funny enough, a few days later, I ran into my friend Carol at the grocery store.
We got to chatting, and she mentioned she'd just finished pre-planning her cremation.
I said, "Wait, you can DO that?"
She said, "Oh yeah. And it's way easier than you'd think. I locked everything in so my kids don't have to deal with it."
I was skeptical.
But she told me about this program she used.
Said it covers everything. Cremation. Paperwork. The whole deal.
And it's shockingly affordable.
So I looked into what she sent me.
Turns out, she wasn't exaggerating.
In less than 10 days, I had everything squared away.
My kids won't have to plan anything.
Or pay for anything.
It's DONE.
When I told my son, his whole body relaxed.
He said, "Mom, you have no idea how much this means to us."
And honestly?
I finally feel at peace.
I'm not leaving my family with debt.
I'm not leaving them with decisions they don't want to make.
I'm leaving them with clarity.
Last week, my friend Linda called me.
She'd been putting off the same conversation with HER kids for years.
Now she's handling it too.
That doctor's appointment was my turning point.
And if you've been avoiding this because you're angry about how much funerals cost...
Good.
Channel that anger into ACTION.
I'm sharing the same thing Carol sent me below.
Just click and see for yourself.
You'll understand once you look.
P.S. My daughter mentioned this to her best friend's mom. Now she's doing it too. Word's getting around.

Ad22
I went to my best friend's funeral last week and what I saw SHOCKED me…
Her name was Margaret. We'd been friends for over forty years.
We raised our kids together. Went on vacations together. Called each other every Sunday morning like clockwork.
She was the kind of friend who knew me better than my own family.
So when she passed, I was devastated.
But I went to the funeral. Of course I did.
The service was beautiful. Her kids spoke. The preacher talked about her faith. People cried.
But what shocked me wasn't the service.
It was what I saw AFTER.
I was in the church lobby, waiting to hug her daughter, and I noticed her talking to someone near the bulletin board.
Her face looked... wrong.
Not just sad. Stressed. Panicked.
I walked over to pay my respects, and as I got closer, I heard her say:
"I don't know how we're gonna pay for all this. Mom didn't leave anything. We're putting it on credit cards."
The other person said, "How much is it?"
And she said, "Almost twenty thousand. And we still have to figure out the headstone."
I just stood there.
Holding my purse.
Pretending I didn't hear.
But I heard every word.
And I felt SICK.
Because Margaret and I were the SAME.
Same age. Same income. Same situation.
And if she didn't have anything set up...
Then neither do I.
I hugged her daughter. Told her I was so sorry. That her mom was an amazing woman.
But the whole time, all I could think was:
"If I died tomorrow, my kids would be standing here doing the exact same thing."
I left the funeral early.
Got in my car and just SAT there for a while, trying not to cry.
Because I realized something.
Margaret and I talked about EVERYTHING.
Our kids. Our health. Our problems.
But we never talked about THIS.
And now her kids are scrambling to pay for a funeral she never planned.
And my kids would do the same thing.
I drove home and couldn't shake it.
For DAYS, I kept thinking about her daughter's face.
The stress. The guilt. The exhaustion.
And I thought, "I can't do that to my kids."
So I called my friend Carol.
She'd set up her cremation plan a few months ago, and I asked her how she did it.
She said, "It was one of the best things I ever did. 
…And honestly, the relief I felt knowing my kids wouldn't have to deal with it? I can't even describe it."
She sent me the info that night.
And I filled it out before I could talk myself out of it.
It took maybe ten minutes. Within a week, everything was done.
Cremation. Urn. Death certificate. All of it.
But then I had to tell my kids.
And I didn't know how.
Because how do you casually bring that up?
"Hey, I planned my funeral this week. How was your day?"
I ended up just texting them both. "Can we do dinner this weekend? My place?"
My son texted back immediately. "Everything ok?"
I said, "Yeah, just want to see you guys."
Which probably made it sound WORSE.
When they showed up Saturday night, they both looked worried.
My daughter walked in and said, "Mom, what's going on? 
You never ask us both to come over like this."
I said, "Nothing's wrong. I just needed to talk to you both about something."
We sat down at the table. I'd made pot roast, but nobody was really eating.
My son said, "Okay, you're scaring us. What is it?"
I took a breath.
I said, "I went to Margaret's funeral last week."
My daughter's face softened. "Oh, Mom. I'm so sorry. I know how close you two were."
I nodded. "Yeah. It was hard."
I paused.
Then I said, "But something happened at the funeral that really shook me."
My son leaned forward. "What?"
I said, "I overheard her daughter talking about how much it cost. Twenty thousand dollars. 
And Margaret didn't have anything set up, so they had to put it on credit cards."
My daughter said, "Oh my God."
I said, "Yeah. And it made me realize... I don't have anything set up either. 
And if I died tomorrow, you two would be in the same position."
There was a long, heavy silence.
My son said, "Mom, are you okay? Are you sick or something?"
I said, "No, I'm fine. I'm not dying. 
But Margaret was my age. And I watched her kids scramble to pay for her funeral. 
And I can't do that to you."
My daughter said, "Okay... so what are you saying?"
I said, "I'm saying I handled it. I set up my cremation plan last week. Everything's paid for. You don't have to worry about it."
My son just stared at me.
Then he said, "Wait... you already did it?"
I nodded. "Yeah. A few days ago."
My daughter's eyes got watery.
She said, "Mom, that must've been so hard."
I said, "It was. But not as hard as watching Margaret's kids go through what they're going through."
My son leaned back in his chair and let out this long breath.
He said, "Honestly, Mom... I didn't even know I was worried about that. But yeah. I was."
My daughter nodded. "Me too."
And we just sat there for a second. Nobody said anything.
Then my son said, "So... what happens now?"
I said, "Nothing. Everything's handled. When the time comes, you'll know exactly what to do. And you won't have to pay for it."
My daughter reached across the table and grabbed my hand.
She said, "Thank you. I know that couldn't have been easy."
I said, "It wasn't. But you're worth it."
We spent the rest of the night eating pot roast and talking about Margaret. Sharing memories. Laughing about the crazy things she used to do.
And I felt lighter than I had in weeks.
Because I wasn't leaving them with a mess.
I was leaving them with clarity.
My neighbor was friends with Margaret too. She called me last week and asked how I handled setting mine up.
Now she's doing hers.
Sometimes funerals don't just remind you who you've lost.
They remind you what you still need to handle.
I'm sharing what Carol sent me below.
If you've been putting this off... don't wait until you're at your best friend's funeral to realize you need to handle your own.
P.S. My daughter called me the next day just to check in. We didn't talk about the cremation plan. We just talked about life. 
P.P.S. Before we hung up, she said, "I love you, Mom." And I could hear the relief in her voice.

Ad23
My doctor's appointment last Tuesday changed "everything"…
I went in for a routine checkup... nothing serious.
Just my annual physical.
But when my doctor looked at my bloodwork, her face got serious.
"Your numbers aren't where I'd like them to be. We need to keep a close eye on this."
Pre-diabetes. High cholesterol. Blood pressure creeping up.
She didn't say it out loud... but I could read between the lines.
I'm not the same woman I used to be anymore.
And honestly? It scared me straight.
Because all I could think about on the drive home was...
"What if that appointment had gone differently? 
What if I didn't get another chance?"
My husband doesn't know this... but I've been putting something off for YEARS.
Something I knew I should've handled a long time ago.
And that appointment was the wake-up call I needed.
I spent 5 minutes that same night handling what I should've done a decade ago
.
Now my family's protected... no matter what happens.
If something HAD gone wrong at that appointment, they wouldn't be drowning in bills and decisions while trying to grieve.
I can't tell you how much lighter I feel.
If you've been putting off planning for the "what ifs"...
Don't wait for a scare to force your hand.
I just found out most people over 50 can get up to $7,000 in savings on final expenses...
Sounds too good to be true, right?
But it's legit. You just have to check if you qualify.
Takes 2 minutes. Answer a few simple questions. And you'll know exactly how much you can save.
Click below to see if you qualify.

Ad24
If you're reading this, I'm dead...
And I'm probably sitting in a Folger's can on my mantle. 
Because a $12,000 funeral? 
My family can't swing that. 
Hell, I can barely afford groceries. 
So the coffee can joke isn't really a joke anymore.
Unless I do something about it now.
Turns out there's a way to get a REAL funeral…
Cremation, Urn, Certificates, Transportation, everything…
Without costing an arm and leg.
When you see what it actually costs, you'll wonder why anyone pays full price.
Click to see if you qualify.

Ad25
This is about to be me (my ashes) in a Folger's can.
And honestly? 
I don't even blame them. 
When Funeral-Homes want $10,000 and your family's got $47 in the bank... 
What are they supposed to do? 
Go into debt? Sell the car? Skip rent? 
Nah. Coffee can it is.
But… there's another option.
One that doesn't require going broke or choosing between paying bills and burying me. 
A funeral service that covers everything:
Cremation, Urn, Transportation, Certificates
For way less than traditional funeral homes. 
When you see the actual cost, you'll sleep way better tonight.
Click to see if you qualify.

Ad26
I told my Kids: "No Church, No Casket, No Burial... just Cremate me"... and they were RELIEVED.
If you've ever felt pressured to have a "traditional" funeral you don't even want... just listen to this.
So here's what happened...
A few months ago, my sister passed away.
She was 74. Lung cancer.
And she had this BIG, expensive funeral.
Open casket. Church service. The whole nine yards.
It cost her kids over $15,000.
When I sat through that service...
All I could think was, "This is NOT what I want."
I don't want people staring at my dead body.
I don't want some preacher who doesn't know me giving a generic speech.
And I sure as HELL don't want my kids spending $15,000 on a box they're gonna bury in the dirt.
But I didn't say anything.
Because you're "supposed" to have a traditional funeral, right?
That's just what people do.
Then a few weeks later, I was having dinner with my kids.
And my son said, "Dad, please don't make us do what Aunt Linda's kids had to do. That funeral was brutal."
I looked at him.
"You mean expensive?"
He said, "No. I mean... it didn't even feel like HER. It felt like a show."
My heart STOPPED.
Because he was right.
And I realized... my kids don't WANT a traditional funeral for me.
They want something real. Simple. Honest.
Just like me.
So I said it out loud:
"No church. No casket. No burial. Just cremate me and scatter my ashes somewhere you guys like."
My daughter started crying.
Not sad tears. RELIEF tears.
She said, "Oh my God, Dad. Thank you. I've been so worried about planning some big thing you wouldn't even want."
Then my buddy Jim (whose son is a funeral director) sent me this article.
It was about how families are breaking away from expensive, traditional funerals... 
And choosing simple cremation instead.
At first, I thought it was just gonna validate what I already felt.
But Jim insisted I read the part about locking in cremation costs NOW.
Apparently, you can pre-plan the whole thing... so your kids don't have to guess or stress.
So I figured, why not?
Jim's 71 and he's already got his cremation locked in.
Within two weeks of reading that article...
I had my plan set up.
By week three, I told my kids it was done.
They hugged me.
A month later, my son said, "Dad, that's the most 'you' thing you've ever done."
Last week, I ran into a guy from my golf club.
He was stressing about his mom's funeral wishes.
I told him, "Just ask her what SHE wants. Forget what you're 'supposed' to do."
He looked at me and said, "Man, I needed to hear that."
That conversation with my kids lit a fire in me.
It made me realize I had a choice.
I could either follow some outdated tradition I don't even believe in...
Or I could do what feels RIGHT for me and my family.
And I chose honesty.
So if you're tired of pretending you want some big, expensive funeral...
Please read the article Jim sent me. I'm linking it below.
It's about choosing cremation on YOUR terms... and letting your family off the hook.
Be real. Plan it now.
P.S. My daughter shared this with her mother-in-law. Now SHE'S planning hers too. It's spreading.

Ad27
We just paid $14,000 for my Mother's Funeral... and I made myself a PROMISE that day.
If you've ever watched your family drain their savings for a funeral... this is going to hit hard.
So three months ago, my mother passed away.
She was 76. Sudden heart attack.
We were devastated.
But we had no time to grieve... because we had to plan a funeral.
And we had NO idea what we were doing.
The funeral director was "nice"...
But every option he suggested was expensive.
$3,000 for the casket. $2,500 for embalming. $1,800 for the service.
It all added up so fast.
By the end, we'd spent over $14,000.
My brother had to pull money from his retirement account.
I had to use my emergency fund.
And my sister? She's still paying it off on a credit card.
When I got home that night...
I sat at my kitchen table and cried.
Not just because Mom was gone...
But because I realized my kids were going to go through the SAME thing when I die.
Unless I did something about it.
Then my friend Carol (whose daughter works in estate planning) sent me this article.
It was about how funeral homes exploit families during grief... and how to protect yourself.
At first, I didn't want to read it.
I was still too angry.
But Carol insisted I look at what she highlighted.
Apparently, there's a way to lock in cremation costs NOW... so your family never has to go through what we went through.
So I figured, what did I have to lose?
Carol's 68 and she's already got everything planned and paid for.
Within two weeks of reading that article...
I had my cremation plan set up.
By week three, I told my kids about it.
They were RELIEVED.
A month later, my brother did the same thing for himself.
I made myself a promise that day we buried my mother.
I will NOT put my kids through that financial nightmare.
I will NOT let funeral homes profit off my family's grief.
And I will NOT leave a mess behind.
That promise is the only reason I took action.
Because without it... I would've just accepted it as "the way things are."
But I'm NOT okay with that.
And if you're reading this... I don't think you are either.
So if you're scared of leaving your family with a surprise $12K+ bill...
Please don't wait until it's too late.
I'm sharing the article Carol sent me below.
It's about what funeral homes don't tell you... and how to protect your family from predatory funeral costs.
The answer is simple: Lock in your cremation plan now.

Ad28
They pump "WHAT" into Dead-Bodies before Burial...? (I had no idea until my wife told me)
If you've ever thought about what happens to your body after you die... this might resonate.
A few months ago, my wife and I were watching a documentary.
It mentioned how bodies are embalmed with formaldehyde before burial.
My wife looked at me with this look on her face.
She said she didn't want that. She didn't want chemicals in her body.
I'd never really thought about it.
But when she said it... it made sense.
So we started researching.
Turns out, there's a simpler option that doesn't involve any of that.
No embalming. No chemicals.
Just simple. Natural. Respectful.
Within two weeks, we'd decided.
By week three, we told our kids.
They said it sounded way more like us.
A month later, we locked in our plans.
My wife said she felt so much better knowing this.
Last week, my friend asked what we were doing for our funeral arrangements.
I told him.
He had no idea that was even an option.
That decision changed everything for us.
It made us realize... we can choose something that actually aligns with our values.
So if you've been curious about what your options are...
I'm sharing an article below that explains it.
It's about the option more and more Americans are choosing now.
Just take a few minutes. You might be surprised.

Ad29
Wait... you can SKIP the $15K Casket? (My aunt told me this and I was baffled.)
If you've ever assumed there's only ONE way to handle a funeral... this might shock you.
A few months ago, my aunt's husband passed away.
I called to check on her.
She said the funeral was next week. It was going to be simple.
I asked what she meant.
She explained they weren't doing a casket. They were doing something different.
I was confused.
I thought everyone HAD to have a casket.
She told me there's another option.
It's simpler. Way cheaper. And it's what her husband wanted.
I asked how much it costs.
About a third of what a traditional funeral costs.
I was FLOORED.
Within two weeks, I started researching.
Turns out, this option is what MOST Americans are choosing now.
And I had NO idea.
By week three, I told my parents.
They had no idea either.
I sent them this article.
A month later, they looked into it and said this is what they want.
Last week, I told my coworker.
His dad had just passed.
I sent him the article before he went to the funeral home.
He called me two days later and thanked me.
He had no idea.
That discovery changed everything for me.
It made me realize... there's a whole world of options nobody talks about.
So if you're curious what's actually available...
I'm sharing an article below that breaks it all down.
It's about the option most Americans are choosing now... and how much you can save.
Just take a few minutes. You'll be glad you did.

Ad30
My uncle joined a CULT in the '70s... and their "death ritual" is now LEGAL in 47 states. (And way cheaper than a traditional funeral.)
If you've ever wondered what funeral options are actually legal... this might blow your mind.
My uncle Rick was always the "unconventional" one in the family.
In 1974, he joined this spiritual commune in Oregon.
We all thought he'd lost it.
But he stayed there for 30 years.
When he passed last year, he had very specific instructions.
No embalming. No casket. No funeral home.
Just a simple shroud burial on the commune's land.
We thought that was illegal.
Turns out... it's not.
It's called "green burial."
And it's legal in almost every state now.
Within two weeks of his passing, we researched it.
Turns out, this "unconventional thing" my uncle did?
It's becoming mainstream.
And it costs a FRACTION of a traditional funeral.
By week three, my mom said she wanted the same thing.
No chemicals. No expensive casket.
Just simple. Natural. Back to the earth.
A month later, we locked in her plan.
Last week, my cousin asked what we ended up doing and how we even knew green burial was an option.
I told him about the research we did... and mentioned I'd found this article that ranked different cremation services.
Turns out a lot of them offer eco-friendly options now.
He asked me to send it to him.
So I did.
He called me later that night saying the #1 option on there was exactly what he wanted for himself.
That discovery changed everything for me.
It made me realize... the "unconventional" option might actually be the smartest one.
So if you've been curious about what's ACTUALLY legal and affordable...
Here's that article.
Might surprise you what's possible now. ♥️
