 TPS LEAD 12 - Inside the car - wear the pink jacket 

OK, why are thousands of women suddenly rushing to Costco…

Just to get their hands on one anti-aging secret?

It’s not on any shelf at Sephora…

Your local grocery store…

And definitely not something most dermatologists are talking about.

Why? Because it solves the same problems they usually charge you hundreds or thousands for…

And for just pennies a day!

They’re calling it “Botox in a bottle”... 

And it fights all four signs of aging - wrinkles, dryness, saggy skin, even dark spots - all at the same time… 

Stuff that used to take four separate trips to the dermatologist…

With needles, lasers, and who knows what else. 

And here’s the wild part…

It’s already sold out three times this year. 

But right now?

It’s finally back in stock online. 

And it comes from a leading MD that sits on the board of the American Academy of Anti-Aging Medicine.

Which means you can get “facelift-level” results from home…

And start looking like the best, most radiant version of yourself…

In as little as 14 days.

No matter your age, skin type, or genetics. 

Don’t believe me? Here he is now… 

Body:

After testing 164 of the top anti-aging ingredients from Korea, Japan, and France…

We made a major discovery inside the laboratory of my private anti-aging clinic. 

An inexpensive new technique… 

That renders your crowded cabinet obsolete. 

Just look at the results some of my clients are getting. 

Like Lorraine… 


 

And Tracy: 

 

They’re living proof: 

That no matter your age, genetics, or skin type…

You don’t need to fork over thousands of dollars to regain that dewy, gorgeous glow…  

Nor do you need to follow some 7-step skincare routine that takes hours of your time every week. 

Because the secret to near-perfect skin… 

That’s “tight as a drum” - and refuses to sag, wrinkle, or crease…

Comes down to an ‘all in one’ remedy my team discovered - which takes less than 1 minute a day to apply…

And does the work of multiple products at once. 

The secret is a handful of lab-tested ingredients.

On their own, they’re really expensive.

But I’ll show you how to get them for just pennies a day. 

Potent, yet gentle ingredients you won’t find in Sephora, Sax, or Bloomingdale’s… 

Which most women (and most dermatologists, for that matter) have no idea even exists. 

With women now saving thousands a year…

That’s money back in your pocket for vacation, groceries, and nights out where you’re not afraid to show off your smooth, radiant skin. 

Again, 

Body

My name is Dr. Mark Rosenberg. 

I earned my medical degree at Georgetown University… and I’ve been an MD for over 30 years. 

I regularly lecture tens of thousands of doctors - from Harvard to The Cleveland Clinic…

Maybe even yours. 

And I know about this ‘all-in-one’ skincare secret because I sit on the board of the American Association of Anti-Aging Medicine. 

By my best estimates, my private clinic is about 10 years ahead of the mainstream skincare industry here in America. 

Which means most women are sadly years away from discovering something my patients are already on: 

You have two types of wrinkles that each need to be addressed individually. [1.1]

And unfortunately, most products out there only address one. 

That’s why I’m so thrilled to show you the new blend of age-reversing ingredients my team & I discovered… 

Which can get you “face-lift quality” results by addressing both types of wrinkles that plague women over 40. 

One of these ingredients is a simple protein that some people are calling “botox in a bottle”...

…Here’s how well it worked in a lab test…

Another two ingredients work just like popular “wrinkle filler” injections…[2.1]

…using proteins from your own body to plump up your skin…

…and these produced some shocking results, too.

A fourth ingredient helps vanish the appearance of dark spots, like a derma peel…

And the last one is like a sponge for moisture, so it’s a must-have for dry, thinning skin.

And a little hint: it’s the exact same ingredient as you’ll find in fillers like JuveDerm.

I’ll show you where to get each of them for just pennies a day.

Because this is the perfect skin routine for any woman over 45.

This is what all of my patients are using… and everyone at the office too… and trust me, we’ve tried everything…

So at first, we were extremely skeptical that there was anything new…

And we definitely didn’t think we could get “dermatologist-level” results from home…

Imagine taking 15 years off your appearance… 

Ironing out those creases around your lips and eyes…

Firming up those sagging eye bags, cheeks, and marionette lines…

Adding thick, plump volume to thinning skin…

Yes, these are real results.

This works whether you’re 25 or 85… 

It works if you’re just starting to see wrinkles or if your face is covered with them…

It goes against a lot of what you’ve heard…

So of course, the entire skincare industry is in revolt about this video…

…if more women knew about this, it would wipe away billions of dollars of profits…

…and it’d probably put a few major companies out of business.

It’s that big a deal.

So it's very important that you watch this presentation right now, until the very end…

Because there’s a real chance that the cosmetic companies will force us to take this down. 

They hate that we’re telling you exactly which five compounds you need…

…and they really hate that we’ll show you how to get them for so cheap.

And dermatologists don’t like this either - because they know that they’re going to lose out on a lot of bookings.

Because if you went to a dermatologist, here’s what she’d do, or he would do:

First, she’d look next to your eyes, on your forehead, and around your lips… 

That’s where you might have dynamic wrinkles.

Those are “expression lines” you get from years of smiling, squinting, frowning, and laughing.

Try this - smile for just a second...

You’ll feel the tension next to your mouth… and up through your cheeks.

You’ll feel the same thing if you pout your lips… like you’re sucking through a straw…

In both of these cases, your muscles are contracting…

And that pulls your skin into the little “grooves” created by your muscles.

So that’s what leads to those fine lines and creases around your mouth, your eyes, and on your forehead.

Over the years, those lines get etched into your skin - these are known as dynamic wrinkles.

So if a dermatologist saw these, they would recommend Botox.

You see, Botox paralyzes the muscles beneath your skin…

So they relax and “smooth out”... 

…and that makes the dynamic wrinkles seem to “disappear”.

Unfortunately, the treatment isn’t permanent…

It does nothing for the health of your skin…

And you need to get it done every 3 months or so.

So I have a better suggestion to smooth out these dynamic wrinkles - 

I’ll share that in just a second…

But right now, let’s talk about the other wrinkle      

Static wrinkles.[3.1]

These make you look a lot older than you feel.

Your dermatologist would look along your cheekbones… 

Beneath the sides of your mouth…

Under your eyes…

…and she’d definitely look closely at your neck.

They are looking for drooping, sagging skin… that’s the hallmark of a static wrinkle.

These show up when your skin’s proteins - its collagen and elastin - start to break down.

That makes your skin weaker…

So gravity starts to pull on it…

And it leads to those folds and creases we all hate so much... and also, a big loss in volume.

Think of a balloon that’s been stretched tight with air for a few days:

When the air starts to leak out, it gets all wrinkled and creased.

This type of wrinkle becomes painfully obvious in our fifties… 

And our skin usually gets thinner and more crepey too…

…because by that time, we’ve had a few decades of collagen and elastin breakdown…

…and a few decades of gravity tugging on our skin.

And here’s what’s really unfair our bodies produce less and less collagen and elastin each year. 

Worst of all, a lot of our modern habits can break down these skin proteins a lot faster.

Sun exposure, stress, processed foods, alcohol, smoking, and lots of sugar…

All these produce lots of free radicals in our bodies…

Those are like little “pac mans” that eat away our collagen and elastin.

And whether it’s from gravity… aging… or harmful free radicals… the effect is the same:

That thin, crepey, sagging “old lady” skin…

So this is when dermatologists happily suggest expensive fillers like JuveDerm.

These injections are simple: they “plump up” your sagging skin. [4.1]

…like blowing air back into a balloon…

…so your volume returns and your wrinkles look like they’ve disappeared.

But just like with Botox, these fillers need needles…

They’re expensive…

And you’ve got to keep going back for more!

Of course, the next thing your dermatologist would look at is your texture and tone…

Is your skin soft and buttery… or rough and leathery?

And she’d be looking for dark spots, too…

…because those are more signs of free radical damage.

Now if you’re like me, maybe you grew up using tanning beds or laying out with those reflective mirrors…

…and yeah, that “sun-kissed” skin looked great in our twenties, but we’re paying for it now…

…because sun damage unleashes free radicals like nothing else.

So if that describes you, your dermatologist would probably recommend a dermapeel, a laser, or both…

…that’s to zap away the top layers of the skin and destroy those free radicals.

Now, these treatments all get great results…

It’s why they’re so popular - and expensive.

So we went to our lab team with a question…

…is there anything out there that works like these treatments…

…but which isn’t painful… and doesn’t cost an arm and a leg?

We work with some of the best chemists in the world…

And thanks to our tremendous growth… and our customer loyalty…

All the top skincare scientists in Europe and Asia now know about Sun Coast Sciences… 

That gives us access to ingredients most women have no idea even existed!

So we asked our research partners to send us their latest innovations…

And we weren’t let down… we had 164 different boxes arrive… they were actually spilling out from the store room…

It took us months to review all the research and conduct our own lab tests.

But that’s our process… it’s rigorous, and it was worth it…

Because we narrowed our picks down to five ingredients…

…and if you’re over 45, then this is the hot new skincare routine to try.

We can erase years off your appearance… for some women, it’s up to a decade in just thirty days…

And we have to start by treating your dynamic wrinkles… 

Remember, those are the fine lines and creases you get from the muscles in your face.

We need something that can “freeze” your face muscles, just like Botox does…

After sorting through a dozen compounds that claimed to do this, we found the closest thing to “Botox in a bottle”:

It’s a simple little peptide that’s chemically identical to an active compound in Botox…

…so it works exactly the same way:

It gently relaxes the muscles beneath your skin to smooth out those creases and fine lines…

And it doesn’t even need an injection!

And this peptide - it’s called Argireline® - it works fast.

Clinical data shows that it delivers a 17% reduction in the appearance of wrinkles in just fifteen days! 

And it gets even better after thirty days:

You can see a full 27% reduction in the appearance of those dynamic wrinkles! 

If you’re sixty years old, that’s like erasing ten to fifteen years of fine lines and creases…

So if you want to “iron out” the appearance of your smile lines, your crow's feet, and your forehead wrinkles…

…Argireline® is what you need.

So now we have to take care of those static wrinkles:

Remember - that’s when your skin gets saggy and weak… 

So it looks like gravity is pulling down on it…

It’s the “old lady” drooping in our jowls and necklines…

And if you recall, static wrinkles happen when your collagen and elastin get weak…

So we’ve got to boost up those two skin proteins…

We reviewed about two dozen collagen and elastin boosters…

Each of them had great results…

Yet in both the clinical trials - and in our own real-world tests - there were two clear winners.

To start, Matrixyl 3000® was just astonishing.

It’s a peptide from a specialty lab in France - and it “sends a message” down through your skin cells…

…commanding your deep dermal layer to produce more collagen.

And not just a little bit more…

This incredible compound is shown to increase collagen production by  258%! 

I mean, that’s just stunning…

And if you want to know what that means for your skin, look at these lab numbers:

8.6% thicker, plumper skin…

16% less roughness…

And 68% less wrinkle depth! 

Yes… these are real, clinically validated results… 

They’re the kind of results that have your friends and family begging for your youth secret and asking if you’ve had any work done…

Then, we added Matrixyl Synthe-6®… 

It’s in the same family of peptides, and this one is very special…

You see, if you’re over 50, then some of your dynamic wrinkles have started to become static wrinkles.

If you see any wrinkles on your forehead or around your eyes… 

Even when your face is perfectly still…

…then it’s happening to you.

Basically, your skin’s collagen has gotten really weak in these “emotion zones”...

And the wrinkles get “etched in”.

So Synthe-6 is a special little peptide that targets these specific areas on your face…

And in lab tests, we saw up to 105% more collagen production! 

In real-world tests, that shows up as 62% less wrinkle depth… 

…and a 77% increased “tightening effect.”

So let’s pause for a second and review these three little peptides…

We start with Argireline® - our “Botox in a bottle”...

…to smooth out those dynamic wrinkles and creases.

Then there’s Matrixyl 3000® - the “natural wrinkle filler”...

…that’s to boost your key skin proteins and counteract gravity, sagging, and drooping…

And finally, there’s Matrixyl Synthe-6®…

…that’s to lift and tighten those “carved-in” wrinkles on your face.

This tri-peptide blend is the most effective combo we tested for total wrinkle defense.

Imagine getting Botox tomorrow…

Then a JuveDerm wrinkle filler treatment a week later…

…and you might get a sense for just how potent these “wrinkle erasing” ingredients are…

…but that’s only when you use them at the correct clinical dose.

Now this is really important:

You see, there are a few products out there with these ingredients…

…we evaluated all of them.

Unfortunately, most are underdosed… so your skin doesn’t get enough of what it needs…

…and then you think to yourself, “Well, that didn’t work for me.”

But trust me - we were using these ingredients at their correct clinical dose…

…and it was totally noticeable in the mirror…

…for some in just two weeks, and for others, it was about 30 days.

Now, in the few products we saw with correct doses, the price tag was about $300…

…and I’ll show you how to get these ingredients for a fraction of that…

…but before I do, there’s two other big aging skin problems we need to fix:

The first is moisture.

It’s so important if you want your skin to stay plump and dewy.

So that’s why we also made hyaluronic acid part of our daily treatment.

This little compound is like a sponge for moisture…

…each molecule can hold up to 1000 times its own weight in water!

So if you apply it daily, it can really plump up your skin…

In fact, all the popular wrinkle filler injections like JuveDerm are mostly made up of hyaluronic acid!

That’s how well it works to lift and plump the skin…

So it’s a must-have for complete anti-aging…

And that leads me to the final problem we needed to solve: free radicals.

Recall that these are the little “pac mans” that chow down on healthy skin cells…

If your skin is spotted, dull, or leathery, it has a lot to do with those nasty free radicals…

So to fix this, we found an amazing compound called Stay-C®.

It’s a patented Vitamin C derivative, and it works similar to those expensive chemical peels.

It zaps the “free radicals” in your skin…

And Stay-C® is the very best ingredient we found for this.

In fact, just look at how potent it is:

What you’re seeing is a 10% improvement in skin brightness over a 12-week clinical study with 39 women. 

In a separate study of twelve women - also twelve weeks long - Stay-C® led to a similar decrease in skin roughness. 

And Stay-C® has even been shown to help with acne and protect against exposure to things like toxins and sunshine…

And if you’re like most women, you’ve tried Vitamin C serums… 

But we tested them all, and Stay-C® is way more advanced than anything we found at drugstores, Sephora, and even the high-end brands.

So these five ingredients make up a complete, daily anti-aging routine…

For wrinkles and texture… for moisture and plumpness… and for spotting and brightness…

And working with our chemists, we realized we could bring them all together…

…into a simple daily anti-aging treatment…

A “one and done” topical that would target every sign of aging…

And here’s what’s really amazing…

These ingredients are as good as it gets…

They’re truly the “creme de la creme.”

So you can expect the same kind of results you’d get from a bunch of expensive, painful procedures at a dermatologist…

But thanks to our chemists, you can get that tight, bright, “who did your work?” skin…

without stepping foot into a doctor’s office… 

without paying thousands of dollars…

And you’re not solving just one skin problem…

You’re getting the full anti-aging package!

New Long Close






We call this Total Package Serum, [5.1]a first-of-its-kind breakthrough.

The only “one-and-done” serum guaranteed to take up to 15 years off your appearance, starting in 14 days…

Because it’s clinically formulated to tackle all 4 signs of aging at once.

So get ready to wipe away the look of fine lines and wrinkles, dryness, dark spots, and sagginess with a transformation that takes minutes… 

And replace a cabinet full of topicals and save thousands of dollars every year. 

All it takes is a twice-daily application - morning and night.

[DESIGN NOTE: Flash a barrage of before-and-afters on screen so fast it’s almost overwhelming. Add a “success story counter” in the bottom right of the screen that ticks up quickly all the way into the tens of thousands as the next line is recited.]

With tens of thousands of transformations from women like you of all ages, skin types, and genetics as proof… 

You’ll see an instant improvement in your glow… 

How plump, firm, bright, lifted, silky-smooth your skin looks and feels… 

With results that only get better with time. 

That’s thanks to three key advancements that put Total Package Serum in a league of its own.

[DESIGN NOTE: Have the list appear on screen i.e. 1) 2) 3) and only fill in each number as the script gets to that area.]

One:

Total Package Serum is the world’s first and only to feature 5 of the most powerful yet gentle ingredients in a single serum. 

Argireline®, Matrixyl-3000, Matrixyl-Synthe 6, Hyaluronic acid, and Stay-C®.

They work together to penetrate deep… 

Clinically proven to deliver repairing and restorative effects faster than you can imagine. 

Two: 

Our one-of-kind production process.

We’re proud to make Total Package Serum right here in America and in an FDA-approved and GMP-certified facility.

After sourcing the purest ingredients…

We process them using state-of-the-art technology that few doctors or even dermatologists have access to.

This allows us to combine them in specific ratios the latest research proves is the most effective… the fastest-acting… and the longest-lasting…

Bringing you the most cutting-edge solution on the market. 

In other words, with every application, you’re putting thousands of dollars of anti-aging technology to work on your skin. 

Three… and this is where you’ll want to pay attention… 

We feature an industry-leading safety process that many other companies simply skip, because it’s too expensive.  

We third-party lab verify and test every batch that rolls off the line. 

This ensures Total Package Serum is non-GMO, free of harsh chemicals, synthetic additives, fillers, or any other toxic gunk that irritates your skin… 

Making it safe, effective, yet gentle enough for all ages and skin types. 

Yet that’s just the start. 

See, if certain components of your skincare routine aren’t in perfect harmony with your body… 

It can cause a host of “mystery” symptoms - skin flare ups, brain fog, hormonal issues, fatigue, even weight loss resistance.

You heard right - if you’ve felt “off” lately….

It could be that your current routine is introducing toxins into your system. 

Which is why every bottle of Total Package Serum is tested for maximum ingredient stability…

For bacteria…

And for heavy metals. 

This guarantees the serum is free of harmful microorganisms and toxins that wreak havoc on your body… and your skin. 

It’s a process you’d be hard-pressed to find in any serum at Saks, Sephora, or Bloomingdales.. 

Yet I refuse to cut corners - this is my reputation on the line… as well as that of all the institutions I serve, and boards I sit on.

And I’m sure you’re the same way when it comes to your health. 

Knowing this, it doesn’t surprise me that Total Package Serum has gone “viral” across every social media platform. 

Since its release, tens of thousands of women have reclaimed their supple, gorgeous look… 

Their youthful, bubbly confidence… 

And the relief of knowing they don’t have to juggle 5, 6, or even 7 topicals or creams every night. 

That means less time in front of your mirror… 

More time enjoying compliments…

And more money in your pocket.

With that in mind, here’s how you can get your hands on it today. 

First, understand that, unlike Big Box retailers… 

You’re guaranteed to receive a premium, cutting-edge formula packed with proven ingredients in their proven amounts…

With my personal seal of approval. 

We spared no expense, especially considering how hard it is to get genuine versions of the active ingredients.

To get clinical doses of Argireline®, Matrixyl-3000, Matrixyl-Synthe 6, Stay-C®, and Hyaluronic Acid…

I had to call in some serious favors!

And it didn’t come cheap. 

When you compare it to invasive surgery, injections, harsh chemical peels, or questionable moisturizers that contain who-knows-how-many toxins… 

We could easily offer Total Package Serum at premium prices… 

It’d still be a steal!

Especially when you consider every day we get another stunning video like this:

[DESIGN NOTE: Play the UGC videos we have from the control close.][6.1]

Today it’s your turn to join these lucky gals. 

How much would it be worth to look and feel your absolute best again… to embrace every day with the radiant, youthful, silky-smooth complexion you had decades ago… 

Without complicated routines… costly surgeries… and all from the comfort of your own home? 

No more covering up or feeling self-conscious about your skin…

No more fighting the silent battle of fine lines, sagging, dryness, and dark spots ruining an otherwise beautiful day. 

What would you be willing to spend if you were 100% guaranteed that this formula would do wonders for you, just like the science shows… and just like it has for tens of thousands of folks of all ages, skin types, and genetics before you?

Would you pay $500? $700? $1,000? [7.1]

Can you even put a price tag on a second chance at looking young, healthy, and beautiful again?

So while people told us to sell 30 days of Total Package Serum for $250… [8.1]

And while that would still be a no-brainer considering it replaces your entire cabinet of topicals… 

You won’t pay anywhere near that. 

Because I see the struggle every day - women come to me in my office… 

Feeling defeated and at odds with their skin. 

They’re fed up with costly, ineffective, time-consuming routines… 

And they’ve given up on thinking that anything new could be different… that it could actually work for them.. 

It breaks my heart to see that, and that’s when I realized that Total Package Serum was about more than skincare…

It’s a second chance to reclaim your confidence, that stunning look, and sense of self you thought was lost. 

So instead of selling Total Package Serum in retail stores…

And believe me, they’ve been begging us for it… 

I refuse to allow them to jack up the price and keep this little miracle behind some velvet rope. 

So we’ve cut out the middleman during this special presentation… 

And pass those savings onto you. 

This means you won’t need to invest anywhere near $250 to fall head over heels in love with your skin again.  

Not $200 or $150 either.

All we want is to cover the cost of ingredients and keep this welcome offer running for as long as possible.

But with inflation, supply chain issues, and how difficult and expensive each of the clinically-backed ingredients are… 

We’ll soon have to charge $99 a bottle just to break even. 

And even though $99 is a bargain compared to multi-step routines… 

The emotional toll of feeling like you’re losing a battle against time… 

The stress of wasted time and money on ineffective treatments… 

The frustration of covering up with makeup, hiding your natural beauty…

And much, much more…

We’ve decided that, during this welcome offer and nowhere else…

You can get your own 30-day supply of Total Package Serum for not $99… 

But a one-time, risk-free investment of just $59.

That’s right, just $59 - that’s a full 50% off![9.1]

And by popular demand, we just rolled out a Subscribe and Save option. 

You see, so many of our customers won’t go a day without Total Package Serum…

So we wanted to make it easy to get auto-refills.

Now I want to be clear: it’s completely optional, but it will nab you an extra 10% of savings. And you can cancel at any time.

And of course, your entire order - down to the very last penny - is covered by our 365-day money-back guarantee. 

And of course, you’re covered by our 365-day money-back guarantee. 
[10.1]
That means you can give Total Package Serum a well-deserved test drive over the next week, month, even year…

And if you’re not blown away by how smooth, supple, and youthful your skin looks…

Then you don’t pay. 

In fact, because you’ve made it this far into the presentation… 

If you order a 2- or a 3-month package, you’ll also get the largest discount we’ve ever offered in company history. 

Plus you get free shipping![11.1]

Here’s why:

While you’re likely to see an instant boost in your skin’s radiance, and enjoy a lifted, tight, bright look… 

There’s now a mountain of new research that shows the real magic occurs after 3 months or more of continued use. 

We see that in the clinical literature… 

As well as with everyone who uses it!

Our most striking transformations from real women just like you of all ages, skin types, and genetics all have one thing in common: 

They use Total Package Serum over the long term! 

And with each application, their skin firms up more, becomes silky-smooth, and their confidence soars. 

It took decades for those signs of aging to show up… 

So spending 3 months or more to visibly reverse them just makes sense. 

Total Package Serum isn’t makeup or a simple cover-up. 

It's a clinically studied set of ingredients that penetrate your skin, and get it looking like it did decades ago. 

So to guarantee you get the fastest, most permanent results possible… 

Stock up on as much Total Package Serum as you can. 

Both to always have some on hand for yourself and as a gift to a loved one, girlfriend, or coworker. 

But let me be clear about one thing: 

I can only guarantee this discounted pricing until our limited stock runs out. 

Last week, we received 10,000 new bottles. 

But about 8,000 are set aside for subscribers and repeat customers.

That left us with only 2000 left for new customers. [12.1]

As I record this, we’ve already sold over 1700 of those… 

And the last 300 bottles will only last a day or two, tops.[13.1]

Remember: 

Total Package Serum is the world’s first and only serum to tackle all 4 signs of aging at once: 

Fine lines and wrinkles, dryness, sagginess, and dark spots. 

It rejuvenates your skin at a cellular level where other treatments, topicals, and run-of-the-mill serums simply can’t…

To take off up to 15 years off your appearance to give you back that vibrant, attractive, youthful look and confidence starting in just 14 days. 

But like any bodily process, this process takes time and consistency.

It takes time for your skin to fully incorporate these ingredients and visibly reverse all 4 signs of aging… 

And unfortunately due to basic biology, these benefits fade unless they’re maintained.

Imagine pushing a boulder up a hill and stopping before you reach the top. 

The boulder rolls backwards and before you know it…

You’re back to square one or worse!

But on the flip side, the longer you use Total Package Serum…

The more supple, firm, bright, hydrated, and lifted your skin will look. 

So to guarantee you “lock in” your stunning new glow with near-permanent results… 

Use Total Package Serum every day over the long term. 

And if you’re over 45, our general recommendation is to use Total Package Serum for at least 3 months.

Which is why we offer the steepest discounts on multi-bottle packages.

Choosing the larger package is the smart decision…[14.1]

And the most popular one. 

Because imagine getting your skin back to looking and feeling the way you deserve… 

Feeling your confidence and zest for life roar back…

Then seeing you’re out of Total Package Serum and we’re out of stock or the price doubled. 

Sky-high demand and the difficulty sourcing these groundbreaking nutrients means it can take several months between each production run. 

So why allow the wrinkles and fine lines, the dryness, sagginess, and dark spots to return… 

… when you can take advantage of our best-ever discounts and guarantee your results only get better with time? 

All you have to do is make your selection below now. 

And one thing I’ve noticed recently is that more and more folks choose the 3-month package. 

From a value standpoint, it’s obvious why.

The 3-month package saves them a whopping $243 off plus free shipping, which is often another $15. [15.1]

But the deeper reason?

When asked, most folks tell me they choose to invest in the 3-month supply because they want the long-term peace-of-mind Total Package Serum gives.

Others tell me they know a few friends, coworkers, or loved ones who could also use Total Package Serum…

Or they’ve been struggling with signs of aging for a long time…

Are worried about how much damage there is..

And want to give Total Package Serum the time it needs to truly repair the look of their skin. 

Whatever the reason… 

It’s clear that with such high demand and the limited stock available today, the 3-month package is the smart and safe choice for you today…

Especially since you’re covered for a full year with our guarantee…

And since I can’t guarantee this offer will still be available if you leave this page and come back later.

Our bottling process keeps the ingredients in Total Package Serum as fresh and as potent as the minute they left the lab for at least 2 years.

Make your selection below now and we’ll take care of the rest. 

You won’t find prices this low anywhere else - not on Amazon or any other online retailer. 

And I’m so confident Total Package Serum will be the best decision you’ve ever made…

Like I said, every order comes with a full year of purchase protection.

So go ahead and place your Total Package Serum order with confidence…

Because even though you’ll see the amazing difference in just a few short days from now… 

You have a full year to see what it does for your skin!

That’s another great reason to stock up - you’re protected no matter which package you choose. 

And if it isn’t the very best anti-aging treatment you’ve ever used…

You don’t pay - simple as that. 

You don’t pay for it - simple as that. [16.1]

We make it easy, and hassle-free, no questions asked. 

All you need to do is call our toll-free number, or email our support desk. 

And you can even use our self-service portal to get a refund, cancellation, or an order upgrade - all by yourself. 

And you’ll find all of that information on your order confirmation page, and also in your email invoice.

Don’t miss out. 

Join us now.

Select the best-value 3-month package or the one that’s right for you now. 

From there, you'll be taken to an encrypted, secure checkout page.

It uses the same secure encryption that Amazon and Apple use… 

So claiming one of the few remaining Total Package Serum bottles is 100%  safe, easy, and takes just seconds.

Fill in your details and we’ll rush-ship your order right to your doorstep. 

But please remember: Total Package Serum is in extremely high demand.

Each new batch sells out quickly.

It takes us anywhere from 3 to 9 months to produce a new batch since we only use the purest ingredients.

Because only the purest ingredients are potent enough to work the way the scientific research suggests.

On top of that, we third-party lab test each batch for quality and safety.

So you’re not applying any harmful fillers, toxins, or heavy metals like you’d get with other products. 

Finally, every batch is bottled in a GMP-certified facility here in America…

And with our special bottling process that keeps every single bottle fresh for at least 2 years.

Add that to the rising-demand and the distribution challenges with the world being as crazy as it is… 

It’s fair to say that Total Package Serum is likely to run out of stock soon…

If it hasn’t already.

That’s why, if it’s still available…

And you decide not to try it today, I can’t promise it will be available later.

As you’re watching this now, tens of thousands trust Total Package Serum to look and feel their absolute best. 

They’ve seen for themselves the power of the 5 clinically-proven nutrients inside Total Package Serum.

And they’re thrilled that they’re not wasting hundreds of dollars every month on countless topicals and serums… 

When all it takes to wipe away the look of fine lines and wrinkles, dryness, sagginess, and dark spots is Total Package Serum.

It’s that easy. 

Tens of thousands of women are enjoying a renewed complexion, a knockout look, smooth-to-the-touch skin…

Without an ounce of self-doubt. 

So it’s no wonder they keep asking us for more bottles for themselves…

And their loved ones.

So I urge you not to let this moment pass you by. 

You’re covered for a full 365 days.

So when you choose the 3-month package below…

All you’re really doing is saying “maybe.”

If it’s not for you, then you’ll get a prompt and courteous refund. 

If it’s not for you, then you’ll get a prompt and courteous refund of your purchase price. [17.1]

But if, or rather, when you experience the night and day difference that only Total Package Serum can make in your skin… 

Then so long as you select the 3-month package, you’ll have enough to last until we can get another batch.

And if you’re still on the fence, take a second and imagine what’ll happen if you don’t try Total Package Serum.

You’ll continue trying new creams, serums, and moisturizers…

Without targeting the root cause of those four signs of aging.

You’ll spend thousands on products that don’t work…

Wasting time on the continual chase for the next best thing. 

You might find your wrinkles deepen, drooping and looking worse with each passing month… 

Like your skin’s betraying you. 

All because you decided that it was too much hassle to apply a few drops of serum each day, which would have finally pressed the rewind button on how your skin looks and feels.

Or maybe you believe the problem is “normal” for someone your age or that your signs of aging “aren’t that serious.”

In the medical field we refer to that as a “head-in-the-sand” solution.

Because the truth is, the longer you try to ignore signs of aging…

The harder they become to visibly fix.

But it doesn’t have to be that way.

Select the 3-month package below right now, risk absolutely nothing thanks to our ironclad 365-day guarantee, and get the peace of mind - and radiant, stunning look you deserve.

Your bundle comes with free shipping…

And you get the steepest discount with savings of up to $243 off.

So please make your selection, and give Total Package Serum a try now. 

It’s five of the most potent anti-aging ingredients in the world…

And it’s a difference you’ll see the very first time you apply it, and look at your reflection in the mirror. 

This can be your time… your moment… to put your beauty first. 

To say, “Yes, I’m ready to look like myself again…”

To look on the outside, as young and lively as you feel on the inside…

It’s your time to radiate with youth, beauty, and elegance every time you step out of the house. To go from ignored in the shadows, to glowing with attention.

You know you deserve it… 

For yourself, and for everyone in your life.

It’s time to smooth out those wrinkles… 

To tighten up those sagging eyebags and cheeks… 

To look and feel gorgeous again.

All it takes is a click of a button to claim one of the remaining 300 bottles…

And give Total Package Serum a try today. 

You’re covered by a year of purchase protection…

And when you order today, you could save 50% off our standard pricing, or more. 

So I think you know what you need to do now…

Make your selection below now to get started with Total Package Serum. 

Thanks again for being here.

And remember - change happens with you… the moment you decide to go for it.

So I need you to take the next step - with me, together…

And let’s get started on a new chapter in your story with your order of Total Package Serum. 

Make your selection below now.

You risk nothing at all… 

And you have a brand-new, more vibrant, and stunning you to look forward to. 

For me, and everyone on the team, we can’t wait to have you join us!

Thank you and God bless. 

